[All hosts] (dialog) Update Dialog API articles (#5061)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/dialog-api-in-office-add-ins.md

- Sign in a user with a resource such as Google, Facebook, or Microsoft identity. For more information, see [Authenticate with the Office dialog API](auth-with-office-dialog-api.md).
- Provide more screen space, or even a full screen, for some tasks in your add-in.
- [Host a video that would be too small if confined to a task pane](dialog-video.md).
- Show an error, progress, or input screen.

> [!TIP]
>

> > - It isn't recommended to use a dialog box to interact with a document. Use a task pane instead. For guidance, see [Task panes in Office Add-ins](../design/task-pane-add-ins.md).

Reviewer: As per style guide:

```suggestion
> - We recommend that you don't use a dialog box to interact with a document. Use a task pane instead. For guidance, see [Task panes in Office Add-ins](../design/task-pane-add-ins.md).
```
